Doc for Dynamic and Static routing (#419)
apache/cloudstack-documentation: source/adminguide/networking/advanced_zone_config.rst

   -  **Netmask**: The netmask in use on the subnet the Guest Instances
      will use.

>    -  **CIDR Size**: The cidrsize of the subnet the Guest Instances will use. The applies on networks with ROUTED mode only.

Author: ```suggestion
   -  **CIDR Size**: The cidrsize of the subnet the Guest Instances will use. Available only when the selected Network offering supports ROUTED mode.
```
